# hg19KIndel:  Ethnicity normalized human reference genome

This repository contains codes and some supplementary files used during the course of the above mentioned project. There are seven sub-folders in this repository with each one of them containing codes pertaining to a particular subsection of the methods used in the project. Every sub-folder has a Readme file describing the usage of scripts present in that particular folder.

## Description of sub-folders

```
00-Creation_of_hg19KIndel
``` 
This folder contains all the scripts used to derive the hg19Kindel.fasta (major allele replaced reference)

```
01-Call_Variants_and_normalize
``` 
This folder contains a shell script describing commands used to call and normalize variants.

```
02-variants_liftover
``` 
This folder contains all scripts used for lifting over coordinates from hg19Kindel coordinate space to hg19 coordinate space.

```
03-Comparision_of_variants
``` 
This folder contains scripts used for comparing two vcfs and generating statistics like FP, FN etc.

```
04-hg19Kindel_Gene_annotation
``` 
This folder contains all the scripts used to derive hg19Kindel refGene annotation file from hg19 refGene.txt table.

```
05-Unique_and_Perfect_Reads
``` 
This folder contains a python script that can be used to gather statistics about unique and perfectly mapped reads from a bam file. This bam file should be generated by bowtie2 and must represent reads mapped in a single end (unpaired) mode.

```
06-Supplementary_Files
``` 
This folder contains all the files used by the scripts in the present repository as inputs. Detailed description of the files is given in the Readme.txt in the sub-folder.


## Data Availability

Other auxiliary dataset is available at : [hg19Kindel_Resource](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2638113)

## Authors

* **Harsh Shukla**

## Reference

In review ; will update as soon as it is comes online

## Contact

For any queries I can be reached at : *harsh.g.shukla@gmail.com*

